hello belo muscle friends come
we are in the classic rice accompanied
by my great coach and friend I
art he is with his nutrition brand
sports in this event and I have a
great news for you all
muscle followers of belo men de
mexico you will be able to enjoy a
training and a milos seminar
Maple and tell us a little about
this project you have in mexico
ok he tells us that he will be in
mexico with alberto sevilla is a good
friend of him to do a workout
based on hyperemia for many
athletes of mexico so stay
attentive this is going to be on November 29
and in December there will also be a couple of
days in Mexico so please
keep latent and attentive to this
News
ok milos besides what is this
project you have in Mexico now
same I know that you are with a brand of
sports nutrition in away or have a
special brand for death let's talk about
of this place
i
students he talks to us about that
soon you will have your brand of
sports nutrition in Latin America
is introducing the in all
countries
you are going to have it like many more times in
all these countries like Brazil as
argentina and others to be able to count on
your sports nutrition products and
to be able to know much more about the
hyperemia me the few words for
our followers awards for the
muscle volume fans
i
alicante
good that you know that it is going to be one of the
labor co muscle of aerofoil
let's have in all the numbers that
let's take an article that goes to Spain
write about workouts and
diet and keep them dormant and attentive to
all this information from the year to
classic a very strong greeting me the
artes sergio fernández never give yourself
defeated friend